The majority of my time was spent in reproducing the system showed in class. I spent a while trying to track down and use a data formatted version of the Book of Mormon, along with dealing with freezes and crashes from the Jypeter notebook.

The first thing I did was I tested the system displayed in class, and I was really happy to see that the system worked. I spent some time thinking about how I might be able to integrate this into an application I am building with a team for another class, using embeddings as a more human friendly search. I tried doing the embedding with all of first Nephi, and did a few searches with the output, including the in class demo, `build boat` which worked really well, as well as `old bible` which had a number of surprisingly accurate hits as well. In my experimentation, I found that there were some similar words used, such as "old bible" and "plates of brass", but there were also many relations above the threshold that were much.

I then tried to figure out how to ingest a whole book from Project Gutenberg, and to do that, I used a chunking library called `Chonkie`. I ended up messing around with the options for some time, then got it working with really big chunks. Unfortunately when I tried it, I wasn't getting any results with the default threshold, and ended up shrinking the threshold quite a bit to allow options through, but then there were hundreds of hits. So I tried changing the text size per chunk to see if I would be able to get better targeting, and I found that I was able to get much more strong results with smaller chunk sizes, even with the exact same search term.